## Meeting 1

**Completed a team agreement** 
We discussed what our team values were, availability, communication, workload distribution, status updates, giving feedback and maintaining the team agreement. 

**Discussed our strengths and how we found A2**
One person did not do A2 and did not know JavaFX. One person expressed he was strong in JavaFX and SceneBuilder. One person expressed that it would be easy to quickly refactor their A2 code to a program that meets the brief. 

**Decided how we would approach this assignment** 
From a discussion of our strengths, we thought it would be best to specialise in what we were best at because this felt like the most efficient and clear approach to the assignment. One person would work on UI/UX, one person would implement the design through SceneBuilder, FXML and CSS and one person would refactor their A2 code to meet the basic requirements of the assignment brief. We would have regular team meetings to discuss design options and check up on each other's progress. 

**Decided on a timeline**
We set out group deadlines for different aspects of the assignment. We agreed that we should leave 5 days for our individual 1000 word reflection report and minor changes to the final submission. 

## After Meeting 1

**Thoughts** 
We had conflicting ideas on how we should approach the assignment. Jaskaran argued that it was unfair for one person to implement most of the code logic. He wanted to do the assignment as a team where everyone had an equal opportunity of contributing to both the code and design of the application. Destiny felt that it was more efficient if everyone in the team had clear roles, and that those roles were chosen based on their strengths. For example, Leonard was new to JavaFX and therefore, allocating coding tasks to this person would not be in the best interests of the project deadlines. Leonard suggested that merge conflicts, duplication of tasks and compatibility of code elements should be sorted out between the group. JavaFX could be learned, but would require peer assistance and guidance. 

Because of the conflicting viewpoints on how the team should function, we sought out recommendation from the course instructors on Piazza. We scheduled a meeting for the next day to decide on the new approach. 

(Author: Destiny)