## Meeting 2

**Decided on the new approach for the project**
Instead of following a "divide and conquer" strategy, we started the project again from scratch, where everyone would contribute to all parts of the project: logic, front-end design and styling. This ensured that all of the group members gained experience and had an equal opportunity contributing to all parts of the application development. 
(Author: Jaskaran)

**Finalised the basic layout of the project**
We planned out the layout of the scenes of the application and how the application would transition from one scene to the next. After creating the controller classes and FXML files, we had a skeleton structure to work from. 
(Author: Jaskaran)

**Added all the relevant components in each fmxl file**
We finalised the choice of components we would use for each scene in the application (eg. combobox, labels, etc). And then created a rough layout for each fxml file.
(Author: Jaskaran)

**Implemented the MenuController class** 
Created the action event methods for the start and quit buttons in the menu scene. 
(Author: Jaskaran)

**Implemented the QuizController class** 
Implemented setWords() and viewResults() method which picks 5 words and switches to the results scene. We left the quiz logic for later because we wanted to get the results logic and flow of the program setup first before coding the rest of the quiz controller. 

**Implemented the ResultController class**
Implemented the method to get the final score from the quiz controller. Implemented action event method to allow user to return to the menu.
(Author: Leonard)

**Update QuizController class**
Implemented the word checking, attempts and feedback logic for the quiz controller.  
(Author: Destiny)

**Implemented the progress bar** 
The implementation is partially complete, there are still two bugs left to fix.
1) The don't know button does not update the progress bar
2) The progress bar doesnt update after the fifth word is entered
We decided to work on these bugs overnight and hopefully, someone would have found a solution by next meeting. 
(Author: Leonard)

**Coding approach** 
We followed a pair programming approach, where majority of the coding is done through long live coding session over Discord. Each member of the group takes turns coding a specific part of the application using screen sharing. This allows instantenous feedback and input from everyone in the team.
(Author: Jaskaran)

**Coding approach thoughts**
While the coding session ended being 7 hours long (with breaks in between), completing a large portion of the assignment together was really fulfilling for me. I felt that the energy never died down and everyone was constantly contributing and learning from each other throughout the meeting. 
(Author: Destiny)

(Reworded and proofread by Destiny)