
## Meeting 3

**Fixed the progress bar bugs** 
This fix Destiny found was to: 
1) Creating a delay with a pause transition 
2) Create a separate updateProgressBar method and call this from the dontKnow and the showFeedback functions

**Refactored the FXML files** 
1) Changed the panes from border pane to anchorpane, due to the scalability issues that were being caused by the borderpane. 
2) Changed the layout of the components in several FXML files.

**Topics selection prompt text**
Decision on usability. When no topic is selected, start button does not move to the next quiz scene and shows a prompt text "Please select a topic".

**Implemented the toolbar and replaced the default toolbar in JavaFX**
 Added functionality to the toolbar which allows the user to return to the menu or quit the application from any scene in the application. 

**Added icons for the buttons in the quiz functionality** 
Added icons for the Home, Quit buttons in the toolbar and for the repeat and skip buttons in the quiz scene. This was done so that the application UI is more accomodating to young children. We decided not to implement functionality to return to previous scene from any given point in the application because it didn't intuitively make sense, as there is already a return to home button. 

**Implemented slider instead of ComboBox for the festival speed.** 
We thought that a slider was more interactive than a dropdown. The slider snaps to the preset intervals rather than continuous movement.

**Tool Bar design decision** 
Initially we attempted to replace the default toolbar with our custom one. However, this resulted in a number of issues: 
1) We could not drag the stage around the screen. 
2) The application window did not have the outline, or shadow and looked unnatural. 

Our initial reason for removing the default window styling was to not have a double toolbar and double exit buttons. 
After discussion, we decided to revert to keeping both the default and the our custom toolbars. Our reasons were: 
1) The default toolbar has different functionality to the custom one (minimise vs return to home) 
2) We wanted consistency across the alert box pop up dialogue 
3) The two toolbars would look very different after styling.  

We also decided to change the cross icon for the exit button in the custom toolbar to a "logout" icon to further minimise duplication/confusion. 

**Coding approach** 
Same as previous meeting (pair programming)

(Author: Jaskaran)


## After Meeting 

 - Refactored, reordered the code and added comments for better
   readability/understandability
 - Ensured consistent variable naming (since different parts were authored by different people)
 - Reconstrained the FXML layouts (since the position and alignment of most elements were hardcoded and not derived from other elements in the scene). I used BorderPane within an AnchorPane for all layouts. The allowed resizing of the stage without disrupting the layout and order of elements. 
 - Refactored the toolbar to an FXML with a borderpane containing buttons. Each scene layout contained an empty toolbar to include the toolBar.fxml in. This allowed the toolbar to stretch with the stage. 
 - While setting resizable to true I found that moving to the next scene would sometimes cause the stage to grow in height. Because of this bug, I decided to leave resizable to false and consult with the team next meeting on potential fixes. (Related links below)
 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20732100/javafx-why-does-stage-setresizablefalse-cause-additional-margins
 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60868700/javafx-stage-changes-its-size-on-change-in-scene-or-thats-what-i-think
 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41019374/javafx-scene-switching-causing-stage-size-increase
 
 - I also added some ID's for the CSS in preparation for next meeting (Sunday 6pm). 

(Author: Destiny)
(Reworded and proofread by Destiny)