## Meeting 4

**CSS styling, layout, interface design fine-tuning** 
Implemented css styling for colours, shadow effects, fonts and general layout to customise the GUI towards our target audience (children). 

**Changed the folder which contained the images into a resource folder** 
A recurring problem we encountered was for the program to not being able to locate the images in the directory unless they were located inside the src folder - application package. We discovered that since the images folder was outside the src folder, we had to change it to be a resource folder in order to access the images at runtime. 

**Title image changed to clipart**
When trying to style the title label in the Menu screen using an imported font, the changes weren't being applied to characters containing macrons. Hence, we replaced the title with an imageview of a transparent png file.

**Image gallery for the topic selection scene** 
Since the application is targeted towards children, it is important for the interface to be more visual, so we added corresponding images for each topic. This feature makes it easier for the user to gauge what type of words there are in the quiz.
  
**Updated the rewards scene** 
Minor layout changes, added a custom message when 5/5 is achieved. 

**Updated results screen graphics**
Added balloons (image) when the user gets 5/5 to make it more interactive, rewarding and colourful. 

**Coding approach** 
Same as previous meetings (pair programming)

## After Meeting 

We were confused about the assignment brief regarding whether the user gets recurring attempts until they press the don't know button, or do they only receive two attempts per word. This is something we are planning to clarify in the upcoming design meeting on Tuesday.

Another confusion is whether the user is supposed to press an "enter" button to submit their answer, press the "enter" key or have the option to do either. We hope to also clarify this in the upcoming design meeting. 

In the next meeting (Wednesday), we will implement any changes (if required) following the design meeting and complete a final code quality check before packaging the project into a executable jar file.

(Author: Jaskaran)
(Proofread and reworded by Destiny)
