## Meeting 5

**Updated the Team Agreement**
We decided in the initial stages of the project, that the method of collaboration which worked best for the team was "pair programming" through live coding sessions (instead of allocating tasks to individuals). Hence the team agreement guidelines for workload distribution, giving feedback and status updates sections had to be revised accordingly.

**Implemented the enter button** 
Following review of the assignment specifications, we thought it was better to include both methods of entering a response: using the enter key and the an enter button on the GUI.

**Topic Selection order** 
Following the design meeting, the clients were receptive to the idea of ordering the topics according to the specific target audience. Considering that our target audience is young children, we reordered the 13 topics by relevance. 

**Further changes to the GUI**
Resized the toolbar to match the other text displayed on the screen for consistency and improved usability for the target audience. 
Updated the skip button to a more distinguishable icon. The previous icon could be confused for a fast-forward button. 

**Coding approach** 
Same as previous meetings (pair programming)

## Final To Do's 
 - Think of ways to make the results screen more interactive and rewarding. 
 - Update images to avoid copyright.
 - Create exectuable jar file
 - Code quality checks, indentation, refactoring, commenting etc 

 (Author: Jaskaran) (Proofread and reworded by Destiny)